[17.0][MIG] website_sale_wishlist_keep: Migration to version 17.0 (#1042)
OCA/e-commerce: website_sale_wishlist_keep/readme/USAGE.md

> 1.  Go to shop
> 2.  Add 1 product to the wishlist
> 3.  Go to the wishlist
> 4.  Active Customize \> Keep items on wishlist
> 5.  You can see the "Add product to my cart but keep it in my wishlist"
>     option checked by default

Reviewer: Please update the `Usage` section to something like this:

```suggestion
1.  Go to shop
2.  Add 1 product to the wishlist
3.  Go to the wishlist
4. Activate the website editor in the top right corner.
5.  Under the `Customize` tab, locate and enable the `Keep items on wishlist` option.
6.  You can see the "Add product to my cart but keep it in my wishlist"
    option checked by default
```

Author: Readme updated, it seems that the ‘active by default’ part was not well expressed, I think it meant that if you activate the option in the editor, the wishlist box will always be active by default. I've expanded the readme with a more concise explanation.
Thanks!
